Fix ci wheel building issue (CIBW env variables) (#36)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning-kokkos: .github/CHANGELOG.md

### Bug fixes

> * Fix the CI X86-64 Linux wheels building.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix the CI environment variables for building wheels with the OpenMP backend.
```

Author: Thanks @mlxd ! Done.
